The Duke's Mansion is that the Empress and King Qi appeared in the Duke's Mansion at the same time
And behave like a soldier
Baijia Government
The emperor seems to have misunderstood you
If you forcibly bring her back
I'm afraid he's also unwilling
How about that?
Ah!
Ah uncle
I'm just running away
How did you bring me to a place like this?
Now the city gates are closed
Now hide here.
I'll take you out of town again this morning.
It's over.
Oh, my God.
You were actually masculine in ancient times
Do you care if he is male or female?
It's a good place to lure people and drink
The emperor never imagined that you would hide here
Little handsome guy here I come